Wait until I find that track
We must revisit
Where we have walked
Will midnight come?
He won't come.
Who are you?
It doesn't matter who I am
The important thing is that you offended someone you shouldn't have offended
I have no enmity with you
Why did you try to kill me?
And so forth.
I am the CEO of Nangong Group
I can say triple the price to buy my life back
You rich people
Do you think money can solve everything?
Ah my bah
The most ruthless person in my life is your Nangong family
Good idea.
If you pay 10 times as much
It can be considered
You die well, wait a minute.
You just let me go
I will promise you anything I ask for.
Let people say that the long life is locked before they go
I heard you have a longevity lock
You give it to me.
I can take a test.
How do I know I have a longevity lock?
otherwise
Don't blame me.
Plum grass in my bag
Take it yourself
How dare you lie to me!
Ah!
bitch
Stop